ReadMe.md, before:

Hi ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18350557/176309783-0785949b-9127-417c-8b55-ab5a4333674e.gif)My name is Divya Gandhi
====================================================================================================================================

MERN Stack Developer
------------------

* 🌍  I'm based in Mumbai
* ✉️  You can contact me at [gandhidivya2710@gmail.com](mailto:gandhidivya2710@gmail.com )
* 🧠  I'm learning  Data Analysis,ML
* 🤝  I'm open to collaborating on Fullstack development projects

<a href="https://www.github.com/Digaa2710" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img
src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/Digaa2710?logo=github&style=for-the-badge&color=0891b2&labelColor=1c1917" /></a>



### Skills


# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-%23F7DF1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-%2306B6D4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-%2300f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-%23FCC624.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)
![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white)
![Power BI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Power%20BI-F2C811.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Power%20BI&logoColor=black)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![Seaborn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Seaborn-%230C55A5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=seaborn&logoColor=white)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black)
![Google Colab](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Colab-F9AB00?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-colab&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Cloudinary](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudinary-%2337768F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=cloudinary&logoColor=white)
![VBA](https://img.shields.io/badge/VBA-217346.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft&logoColor=white)





### Socials

<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.github.com/Digaa2710" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <picture> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/github-dark.svg" /> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/github.svg" /> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/github.svg" width="32" height="32" /> </picture> </a></p>

### Badges

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![GitHub Trophies](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Digaa2710&theme=dark&no-frame=false&no-bg=false&margin-w=4)



## My GitHub Stats

<a href="http://www.github.com/Digaa2710"><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Digaa2710&show_icons=true&hide=&count_private=true&title_color=0891b2&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=0891b2&bg_color=1c1917&hide_border=true&show_icons=true" alt="Digaa2710's GitHub stats" /></a>

<a href="http://www.github.com/Digaa2710"><img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Digaa2710&stroke=ffffff&background=1c1917&ring=0891b2&fire=0891b2&currStreakNum=ffffff&currStreakLabel=0891b2&sideNums=ffffff&sideLabels=ffffff&dates=ffffff&hide_border=true" /></a>

<a href="https://github.com/Digaa2710" align="left"><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Digaa2710&langs_count=10&title_color=0891b2&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=0891b2&bg_color=1c1917&hide_border=true&locale=en&custom_title=Top%20%Languages" alt="Top Languages" /></a>

Commit message:

Added Holopin badges
Added achievements section with Holopin badge link.

ReadMe.md, after:

Hi ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18350557/176309783-0785949b-9127-417c-8b55-ab5a4333674e.gif)My name is Divya Gandhi
====================================================================================================================================

MERN Stack Developer
------------------

* 🌍  I'm based in Mumbai
* ✉️  You can contact me at [gandhidivya2710@gmail.com](mailto:gandhidivya2710@gmail.com )
* 🧠  I'm learning  Data Analysis,ML
* 🤝  I'm open to collaborating on Fullstack development projects

<a href="https://www.github.com/Digaa2710" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img
src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/Digaa2710?logo=github&style=for-the-badge&color=0891b2&labelColor=1c1917" /></a>



### Skills


# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-%23F7DF1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-%2306B6D4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-%2300f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-%23FCC624.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)
![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white)
![Power BI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Power%20BI-F2C811.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Power%20BI&logoColor=black)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![Seaborn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Seaborn-%230C55A5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=seaborn&logoColor=white)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black)
![Google Colab](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Colab-F9AB00?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-colab&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Cloudinary](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudinary-%2337768F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=cloudinary&logoColor=white)
![VBA](https://img.shields.io/badge/VBA-217346.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft&logoColor=white)

### Achievements
[![An image of @digaa2710's Holopin badges, which is a link to view their full Holopin profile](https://holopin.me/digaa2710)](https://holopin.io/@digaa2710)

### Socials

<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.github.com/Digaa2710" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <picture> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/github-dark.svg" /> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/github.svg" /> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/github.svg" width="32" height="32" /> </picture> </a></p>

### Badges

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![GitHub Trophies](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Digaa2710&theme=dark&no-frame=false&no-bg=false&margin-w=4)



## My GitHub Stats

<a href="http://www.github.com/Digaa2710"><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Digaa2710&show_icons=true&hide=&count_private=true&title_color=0891b2&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=0891b2&bg_color=1c1917&hide_border=true&show_icons=true" alt="Digaa2710's GitHub stats" /></a>

<a href="http://www.github.com/Digaa2710"><img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Digaa2710&stroke=ffffff&background=1c1917&ring=0891b2&fire=0891b2&currStreakNum=ffffff&currStreakLabel=0891b2&sideNums=ffffff&sideLabels=ffffff&dates=ffffff&hide_border=true" /></a>

<a href="https://github.com/Digaa2710" align="left"><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Digaa2710&langs_count=10&title_color=0891b2&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=0891b2&bg_color=1c1917&hide_border=true&locale=en&custom_title=Top%20%Languages" alt="Top Languages" /></a>
